README.md, before:

# WineStock Application
The WineStock application is a JavaFX-based application for managing wine inventory and assortment data. It provides functionality to connect to a PostgreSQL database, retrieve wine information, and perform various operations on the data.

## Features
- View wine details including name, vintage year, volume, color, price, and comment.
- Import wine data from a PostgreSQL database.
- Login functionality to establish a connection to the database.
- Manage wine assortment data.

## Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) 17 or higher
- PostgreSQL database

## Getting Started
To run the WineStock application, you can follow these steps:
1. Download the latest release from the "Releases" section of the repository.
2. Extract the contents of the release package.
3. Open a terminal or command prompt.
4. Navigate to the directory where the extracted files are located.
5. Run the following command to execute the application:
```bash
java -jar WineStock.jar
```
6. Replace WineStock.jar with the actual name of the JAR file if it's different.

The WineStock application should start, and you will be able to interact with it through the graphical user interface.

Make sure you have Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 17 or higher installed on your system. If not, you can download and install it from the official Oracle website.

Note: The instructions assume that you have a valid database with the necessary credentials and configuration file (`config.json`) in the same directory as the JAR file. Make sure to set up the database and provide the correct credentials in the configuration file before running the application.

If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, please let me know.

## Usage
Upon running the application, you will be presented with a user interface containing tabs for managing wine and assortment data. To import wine data from the database, click the "Login" button and enter your database credentials. Once logged in, click the "Import Database" button to fetch the wine data and display it in the table.

You can switch between tabs to perform various operations on the wine and assortment data.

## Dependencies
- PostgreSQL JDBC Driver 42.6.0
- JSON Library 20230618
- JUnit Jupiter API (for testing) 5.9.2

## Contributing
Contributions to the WineStock application are welcome. If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please submit an issue or create a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update module dependencies and improve documentation
The module's dependencies list in the module-info.java file has been updated to include additional dependencies. This includes java.desktop, com.google.gson, and org.apache.commons.io in the list which these three libraries are necessary for JSON conversion, desktop integration, and IO operations, respectively. Plus, the README.md file has also been updated to provide more precise and informative explanation for each dependency including JavaFX, PostgreSQL JDBC Driver, JetBrains Annotations, Google Gson, and Apache Commons IO. This change aims to improve the readability and comprehension for other developers about the project.

README.md, after:

# WineStock Application
The WineStock application is a JavaFX-based application for managing wine inventory and assortment data. It provides functionality to connect to a PostgreSQL database, retrieve wine information, and perform various operations on the data.

## Features
- View wine details including name, vintage year, volume, color, price, and comment.
- Import wine data from a PostgreSQL database.
- Login functionality to establish a connection to the database.
- Manage wine assortment data.

## Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) 17 or higher
- PostgreSQL database

## Getting Started
To run the WineStock application, you can follow these steps:
1. Download the latest release from the "Releases" section of the repository.
2. Extract the contents of the release package.
3. Open a terminal or command prompt.
4. Navigate to the directory where the extracted files are located.
5. Run the following command to execute the application:
```bash
java -jar WineStock.jar
```
6. Replace WineStock.jar with the actual name of the JAR file if it's different.

The WineStock application should start, and you will be able to interact with it through the graphical user interface.

Make sure you have Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 17 or higher installed on your system. If not, you can download and install it from the official Oracle website.

Note: The instructions assume that you have a valid database with the necessary credentials and configuration file (`config.json`) in the same directory as the JAR file. Make sure to set up the database and provide the correct credentials in the configuration file before running the application.

If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, please let me know.

## Usage
Upon running the application, you will be presented with a user interface containing tabs for managing wine and assortment data. To import wine data from the database, click the "Login" button and enter your database credentials. Once logged in, click the "Import Database" button to fetch the wine data and display it in the table.

You can switch between tabs to perform various operations on the wine and assortment data.

## Dependencies
This project uses the following dependencies:

- **JavaFX 17.0.7**: An open-source, next-generation client application platform for desktop, mobile and embedded systems.
- **PostgreSQL JDBC Driver 42.6.0**: A JDBC (Java Database Connectivity) driver that provides database connectivity through the standard JDBC application program interfaces (APIs) available in Java.
- **JetBrains Annotations 24.0.0**: An advanced set of annotations used for code inspection support and code documentation.
- **Google Gson 2.8.9**: A Java library that can be used to convert Java Objects into their JSON representation and vice versa.
- **Apache Commons IO 2.11.0**: Provides utility classes, stream implementations, file filters, and various other APIs for handling IO operations (file manipulations) in Java.

## Contributing
Contributions to the WineStock application are welcome. If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please submit an issue or create a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
